Update README.md (#60)
r-devel/r-dev-env: README.md

5. After having built the current development version of R, we can now make changes in source code and make our contributions.

### Build Setup (With Recommended Packages)
The above build setup doesn't installs the recommeded packages for R. To install the recommeded packages, we can install it by following steps
1. svn checkout using cmd
   ```bash
       svn checkout https://svn.r-project.org/R/trunk/ "$TOP_SRCDIR"
   ```
2. Then we will create a directory using BUILDDIR env var.
   ```bash
   mkdir -p $BUILLDIR
   ```
3. Then we will install recommended packages using cmd
   ```bash
    "$TOP_SRCDIR/tools/rsync-recommended"
   ```
   ![Screenshot from 2023-07-28 15-18-22](https://github.com/r-devel/r-dev-env/assets/72031540/532a3f40-ab17-43b4-b729-ab57b2e3ffe9)
4. We can now change directory to $BUILDDIR using cmd
   ```bash
   cd $BUILLDIR
   ```

> 5. configure source code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. then run the configure script and build R
```

>    - After we change directory to BUILDDIR we can configure and build R.
>    - CMD

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

     ```bash
     "$TOP_SRCDIR/configure" --enable-R-shlib
     make
     sudo make install
     ```

>    - The configure cmd prepares for building R, creating files and folders inside the BUILDDIR directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - The configure script sets options and settings for building R, creating files and folders inside the BUILDDIR directory.
```

>    - Output : We get file structure something like this after using configure command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - After running the configure script the file structure of the build directory is something like the below.
```

    Is this a good example? (Oh yeah!/don't think so/cancel) Oh yeah!
    [1] TRUE
    ```

## Commiting Changes
For commiting changes using svn we need to first change directory to $TOP_SRCDIR from $BUILDDIR
**Steps**
1. `cd $TOP_SRCDIR` - Change Directory to $TOP_SRCDIR
2. `svn status` - We could see the changes made in file askYesNo.R
3. `svn update` - this command commits the changes made inside the file.
4. `svn diff > path.diff` - This create a path file which will have changes made inside the files.

### SVN help

> While working with the R Contributors Workflow on Codespace, we might found some svn cmds handy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While working with the R Contributors Workflow on Codespace, we might find some svn commands handy.
```
